howdy folks welcome back my World of
Tanks replays with the mighty jingles
I'm in the pan again I've been playing a
lot more tier nine mediums lately
obviously I want to be able get the tier
10 medium when 7.5 comes out so I've
been grinding XP turned off accelerated
cream training and it's it's been doing
me good
I really don't play these things enough
and it shows in my stats
hi I'm not a very good tier 9 medium
tank driver I think I prefer the e 50
clearly because I'm a lazy dirty sniping
camp and bastard
the patterns a hell of tank and I am
getting better at driving it now we're
on rune burg it's a very tier 10 came
for a for tier 10 heavy spur side that's
an encounter battle
and this was a fun game Oh
proximity detected and e-50 on the other
side of the building so there's me and a
yak target coming up here what basically
eight now that yeah Tigers not stupid so
we're a bit of a standoff he's not gonna
go around and get tracked and shot in
the front of the lower hull by that
eighty fifty if he can help it so I need
to do something to even things up and
what I'm gonna do is track that he 50
yeah target takes the hint and I'm gonna
go around and shooting from the side no
he's used to Rebecca you know that he's
got very good effects go take your shot
get out
don't let him fire back and now we're
behind you and oh you're not getting
away with this look pal and and I get
this all the time in every damn game I
play it doesn't matter what TAC I Drive
where I Drive it how I Drive it
artillery just it's as if there's a
dirty great big neon sign floating over
whatever tank our driver saying jingles
is here Artie please shoot him I mean
they could have shot the jagdtiger
there's any number of heavy tanks over
there though though they always go for
me
I don't know I just don't get it so
there we go
952 health god wreck my viewport should
I repair that probably should pans got
the best view range in the game
but if I got my gun racket later on I'm
gonna wish I had that repair kit handy
well that's going to spot for this yeah
I tell you
but don't worry I'll get my revenge on
the outside me and others a yak target
down here and I know he's hurt pretty
bad there is yeah
sucks to be you oh hello Artie we meet
again
oh yeah putting this gun this way I'm
gonna be that keen on rushing out this
small is such a cheat but they have
you've got it use it
oh hi mister GW type P we meet again
there goes these 75 you really need to
do something about resetting that cap
now there are two teachers of jeetil P
type B's in the enemy team and I don't
know which of them hit me so I'm gonna
kill them both
yeah you're not so big now are ya pal
come here come here
vengeance is mine
let's turn sit quite comfortable with
this tends to be what happens on
Gruenberg if you just go for the calf
right at the start you need you tend to
lose
generally speaking if you lose this area
here you're just getting flanked taking
that area isn't the guarantee of victory
but it helps excuse me
it definitely helps there are two e one
hundreds left I've got five kills
between them so they what the better
than mostly 100 plays
with 798 health left haven't taken only
one hit in the entire game Thank You
Artie diner fire
I've got no interesting facing any of
these e100 so I'm trying to get around
behind in both yeah patterns fast but it
ain't that fast there's only one of them
left so I'm going for kill number five
but I blow it I I aim for his mouth play
even turns it forwards me finds the
angle and still doesn't go through look
at this
pimp Ronnie's driving into each other to
be the one that kill him what's it like
being so popular so that was a good game
yeah Tiger puts a shot it with corpse
anyway yeah so not bad game yeah four
kills damage Denis 50 detective the e 50
but that was basically because he just
drove up to me on the other side of a
building
she's unusual with the view range that
the pattern has you normally tend to
spot a couple didn't in that game and
obviously no battle awards so yeah I'm
starting to get the grips with the way
the pattern should be played I think any
experienced patent players who are
watching these videos I'm always
grateful if you spot on anything I'm
doing wrong feel free to let me know in
the comments
always happy to improve my game so that
wasn't a bad game in the pattern they
are starting to be a bit more like that
lately
so I must begin better I mean I couldn't
get much worse my stats in light and on
mediums are absolutely horrific but
they're definitely a lot of fun to play
even if you don't do that well in them
anyway yep room burg encounter battle
pattern for kills yah
hope you enjoyed the vid catch you next
time